hi guys well back in mine
channel
today we're going to review a product that
recently used for the
green lawn maintenance is about
of the scarified traveler re ei in
exactly the model bgs 12 31
let's see in detail the
technical features is airy
electric re indicated for use
private on small and medium gardens
dimensions for an area of ​​approx
300 square meters we can see
the foldable handle
ignition with safety knob for
the rapid collection gesture turning off
from the capacity of 28 liters comfortably
removable is in canvas with the bottom in
plastic is equipped with four wheels
front and back on those
front you can adjust the height
scarification in three points is enough
pull the screw and move either to the right or to
left
the depth of scarification ranges from three
7 and 9 mm as we can see features
eight double knives or blades easily
replaceable its weight is 11 kg
thanks to the larger front wheels
it moves very easily on the lawn
power consumption of 1200 watts is possible
safely connect to the network
230 volt electric
for any other information
write me below
I remind you to add me to yours
favorite channels greet you and to the next
video